>> Jerome Hardaway: Projects,
I have one project up here, Vets Who code,
because I had so many other things
that I was moving from projects.
I haven't finished this for
myself yet, but
this is where you put your
most robust projects at.
As you see,
I've have the projects of Vets Who code.
I have all the skills and
have to have the web app.
Pops up right here in a window.
I go, there, I go previous, web-dev-guide.
I can view it right here.
>> Jerome Hardaway: People see it,
233 stars.
I didn't even write this.
My name is not on this at all.
This is one of my troops.
I think one of them added it and
I got added on my LinkedIn,
which is super cool because as you see,
I can add contributors to this.
So I think someone added
me as a contributor and
that's how it ended up on my LinkedIn.
So you can definitely add projects and
things to your LinkedIn and
also add contributors as
part of your skill set.
Volunteering, definitely volunteer.
Volunteer not only just for your job, but
also externally you'll see how great,
you can definitely help with your skills.
I volunteer all the time and
it really helps me build my network.
For those of you who are looking for
networks,
building your network through
volunteering is one of the core things.
Building a network through LinkedIn is
a core thing as well, so always volunteer.
Skills section right here.
It showcases the skills and showcases
the endorsements of each skill, right?
Responsible AI where I use it and
my endorsements run.
Data processing where I use it,
the endorsement.
You can show, right now,
I have 58 skills on here.
And not only does it showcase
where I use this skill at,
it also showcases
the endorsements based upon it.
So that is another thing you do like.
This is one of those things where
you should get your comrades and
your friends, right?
Okay, let me endorse you for
this especially if it's something
that you really want your job for.
You want that higher ranking, or you wanna
have multiple endorsements for that.
So keep doing that and
get on to these endorsements.
Ironically, I have eight endorsements for
WordPress.
I think I haven't used
WordPress in five years.
It's kinda weird.
And there's this part
that is very neglected.
This part is very neglected.
Very important, but
very neglected at the same time.
Your recommendations,
get people like mentors, get colleagues,
get team members, get people who you
work with to recommend you on LinkedIn.
You be amazed how many people come here
and you're like, these people are saying,
well, yeah, this person says something
good about you on LinkedIn, and
I know this person in real life.
So I want to talk to you more.
This people see this and
they're like, okay,
this helps build that story of you right?
Which we talked about earlier,
the total person concept.
You want these recommendations as they
help tell that story more clear of
what you are, what you do,
the things that your passionate about,
how it is working with you.
And give recommendations, and don't
wait to get to the point of recommending
of where you ask somebody like,
yeah, I'll give you one too.
Don't do that.
Of course,
we talked about that on resumes.
Honoring awards.
Like I said, what I did for my resume,
I cleaned up my LinkedIn first, and
then I profiled, and then I took my
honors and awards, put it on my resume.
We'll put your honors and rewards.
Now, with honors and rewards on LinkedIn,
I treat it differently than honors and
rewards on my resume.
I put anything community, anything
that looks good for social impact,
all that stuff on my LinkedIn,
as opposed to on my resume,
because on LinkedIn it looks good showcase
that you're doing good community.
If you notice,
every company has a social impact angle.
So seeing that you're participating in
those social impact angles that helps when
it comes to jobs, that helps when it comes
to like, are you a team player, right?
That's what they wanna know.
That's what it shows, right?
So when I'm showing, yeah,
I'm a member of these communities.
I've been in Twilio, I've been in Google,
I've been in GitHub,
I've been a member of these communities.
I've been there, I've been considered
a high level member in that.
I'm doing work in that.
I was asked to join the Forbes
black community where
you're doing great things for
minorities and communities.
Please help, sure, cool.
That's what you always want to showcase.
Languages, and of course, interest.
Interest doesn't have a lot of impact.
You can go ahead and forgo that.
I pick interest just because
it helps flesh it out more,
but it showcases the voices you listen to,
Microsoft, the companies,
the groups you're in,
newsletters, schools.
Now, what really helps with this that
you can leverage is when you're on
the networking side,
you go somebody's interest,
and you see what they're interested in.
And that's where you start a conversation.
Let's say, for instance,
I'm going to a meet up.
And I know Mark's gonna be there meet up,
right?
I'm gonna go to Mark's LinkedIn
looked at his interest.
And then when I see Mark, I'm not gonna
talk to Mark about code at all for
the first 15 minutes.
I'm gonna talk to Mark about
stuff that I've seen an interest.
There's absolutely nothing to do a code
that either picked up from his LinkedIn or
picked her on her Twitter.
I was to meet Mark in real life for
the first time.
First 15 to 20 minutes,
I will be asking him about gymnastics and
what has inspired him to start so
late in life to do this sport.
And I wouldn't let him make me
feel bad about, being almost 40.
And he's almost 40, when he's doing
backflips and I'm sitting here,
like getting out of breath
chasing a two year old, right?
That is what I would do before I
transition into talking about code and
showcasing how knowledgeable
I am at coding and
building that professional repertoire.
Now that I've humanized myself because,
that's what part of networking is,
we're gonna get more into that
where we're humanizing ourselves.
Then we're getting into the professional
I've leveraged interest to
be able to see what do we have
interested with each other?
And then finally causes, right?
You put the causes that you care about.
They have all the causes linked and
you can just click one or three as I did.
There's a lot of AI components on
here as well, as you saw earlier.
I come here, if I don't like it,
I can have LinkedIn write it.
>> Jerome Hardaway: I can revert
it because I don't like that.
I can show the skills
I have right here and
I could do that throughout
the entire scope of this app.
If you go Here to LinkedIn Premium
features shows you the writing assistant,
you do the custom button, AI message
drafts, you get top unchoiced jobs.
All these things are now
coming in within LinkedIn.
So if you get the opportunity
to use the LinkedIn premium,
you should definitely go for it, right?
So I highly recommend LinkedIn
premium to anyone right now.
Especially this tight market,
leverage everything, right?
There's no such thing as
anything off limits right?
So, we've talked about a profile picture.
We talked about compelling professional
headline, engaging about summary,
utilize the feature section,
detailed descriptions and experience,
education and specialized trainings.
They are license and certifications,
regularly updated skills and endorsements.
Requests and showcase recommendations,
accomplishments and
reflecting your professional interests.
And we also talked about the AI features
on LinkedIn with this insights.
They have LinkedIn learning
as a job coach now and
as personalized career guidance based
upon the things you're doing on LinkedIn.